updated best practices and added suggest more (#239)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: new-test-case.mdx

Reviewer: maybe now that suggest more is added it's time to change the title to sth along the lines of "Create more test cases"?

Maybe in future updates we can structure the docs more according to things users are trying to achieve (expanding test suite, maintaining test suite, whatever) instead of just listing functionality (create a test case, edit a test case)

Author: 1. we can do that, suggest something. But remember to keep it short, you're talking about a left menu bar.
2. I plan to expand the best practices section with maintenance page as a precursor to maintenance with auto-fix.

icon: "arrow-progress"
---

## Have AI agent suggest and auto-generate more tests

Similar to the inital **AI discovery** we can run the discovery feature to "spawn" individual test cases.

Go into the test case and hover over the `suggest more` icon - a button will appear. Click on it.

<Frame caption="Have the AI agent suggest more test cases, 08/2024">
  <img
    src="images/setup/setup-11-suggest-more.png"
    alt="have AI suggest more test cases"
  />
</Frame>

> AI agent will discover up to 3 new tests following up on the test case you launched it from. The original test will be added as a **dependency** automatically. It will auto-generate steps for every discovered test case and validate them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our AI agent will discover up to 3 new tests following up on the test case you launched it from. The original test will be added as a **dependency** automatically. It will auto-generate steps for every discovered test case and validate them.
```

> AI agent status indicator will display what's going on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AI agent status indicator will display what's going on.
```
Maybe I'm enforcing my preferences unnecessarily but I feel like sentences should not start with a noun

<Frame caption="AI agent informs what it does, 08/2024">
  <img
    src="images/prompting/suggesting-more-agent-running.png"
    alt="AI agent status indicator"
  />
</Frame>

> The new test will apprear grouped by the originating test. The AI agent has autogenerated test steps, validated them and where the validation succeeded, it turned the test **ON** - [into active mode](/execute-test-cases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new test will appear grouped by the originating test. The AI agent has auto-generated test steps, validated them and where the validation succeeded, it turned the test **ON** - [into active mode](/execute-test-cases).
```

> Help the AI agent when it quite nail the auto-generation - **yellow alert** hightlights a failed validation. See how in the [edit test case](/edit-test-case) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Help the AI agent when it couldn't quite nail the auto-generation - **yellow alert** highlights a failed step generation. See how in the [edit test case](/edit-test-case) section.
```
